I'll tell you what.
Don't think you've won the provincial championship
You can show off your power here
Bullying others at will
Don't say you are the champion of Shen
Even if you are a national champion or even a world champion
There is no name for me.
Not Mr. Yang
What do you mean by that?
Hundreds of millions of gifts
200 million contract
Didn't you say you gave it for my sake?
Why do you say now that I have no face with you?
Chen Ao, my god, you are really
How pitiful and naive you are!
You're a provincial champion.
The whole country grabs a lot of them.
How could I do it for you?
Such a big gift
Mr. Yang, I am the provincial champion
The entire oath ceremony
There is no one with higher grades than me
Then you said it wasn't for me.
Whose face are you looking at?
Of course I'm looking at
Lin Wenwen's face